Update the readme (#10)
Azure-Samples/key-vault-java-authentication: README.md

This sample repo contains sample code demonstrating common mechanisms for authenticating to an Azure Key Vault.

## This sample shows how to do the following operations of Key Vault with Key Vault SDK

* Create key vault

> * Create a keyvault client using cert based authentication

Reviewer: cert -> certificate

## This sample shows how to do the following operations of Key Vault with Key Vault SDK

* Create Key Vault

> * Create a key vault client using certificate based authentication

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Create a Key Vault client using certificate based authentication
```

5. Run ```mvn clean compile exec:java``` for a sample run through.

> ## Use latest key vault SDK

Reviewer: Key Vault is a product name, it should be capitalised in all usages.

> The key vault SDK package  here is **com.microsoft.azure.azure-keyvault**, if you are using the [latest](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.azure/azure-security-keyvault-secrets) version of the key vault SDK package, please reference to the following examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Key Vault secrets SDK here is **com.azure.azure-security-keyvault-secrets**, if you are using the [latest](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.azure/azure-security-keyvault-secrets) version of the key vault SDK package, please refer to the following examples:
```

Reviewer: Key Vault is broken up into 3 different packages:
* https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.azure/azure-security-keyvault-certificates
* https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.azure/azure-security-keyvault-keys
* https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.azure/azure-security-keyvault-secrets

> * [IdentityReadmeSamples.java](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-secrets/src/samples/java/com/azure/security/keyvault/secrets/IdentityReadmeSamples.java)- Examples to authenticate to key vault secret client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [IdentityReadmeSamples.java](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-secrets/src/samples/java/com/azure/security/keyvault/secrets/IdentityReadmeSamples.java) shows multiple ways to authenticate the Key Vault client via DefaultAzureCredential, device code, client secret or certificate in addition to others.
```

>     * createClientCertificateCredential: Create a secret client using cert based authentication.

Reviewer: There are a lot more ways to authenticate that are shown in this Identity sample.

Reviewer: The suggestion above encompasses all this and can be removed.

    * createDefaultAzureCredential: Create a secret client using DefaultAzureCredential.

* [HelloWorld.java](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-secrets/src/samples/java/com/azure/security/keyvault/secrets/HelloWorld.java)  - Examples for common key vault tasks:

>     * Create a secret inside the keyvault

Reviewer: Key Vault

5. Run ```mvn clean compile exec:java``` for a sample run through.

## Use latest Key Vault SDK

> The Key Vault secrets SDK here is **com.azure.azure-security-keyvault-secrets**, if you are using the [latest](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.azure/azure-security-keyvault-secrets) version of the key vault SDK package, please refer to the following examples:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Key Vault secrets SDK here is **com.azure.azure-security-keyvault-secrets**, if you are using the [latest](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.azure/azure-security-keyvault-secrets) version of the Key Vault SDK package, please refer to the following examples:
```
